Welcome to mempool.space, an open-source project
that provides data and tools to take your Bitcoin
experience to the next level. Our mempool dashboard
provides an at-a-glance look at the real-time
status of a Bitcoin node's mempool. View Bitcoin
blocks through our one-of-a-kind visualization.
Forecasted mempool blocks appear to the left of
the white line, and confirmed blocks to the right.
Take a peek within a forecasted mempool
blog for a more granular view, including
a visualization of included transactions. Drill
down into the details at the transaction level,
and with real-time tracking, you can see the moment
a transaction confirms. If your transaction funds a
new Lightning channel, you can see various details
about it our new Lightning network explorer.
The mempool dashboard also includes
a fee-estimation widget that helps
take the guesswork out of choosing an
appropriate fee for your transactions.
For miners, we've built a mining dashboard
that provides meaningful metrics including
fee and subsidy data, difficulty and hash rate
stats, pool dominance, and more. Our historical
graphs bring all this data together and display it
across time through beautifully-rendered visuals.
mempool.space doesn't have any advertisements or
third-party tracking. Still, trusted third parties
are security holes, and the most private way
to look up your own addresses and transactions
is through your own Bitcoin node. We make this
easy—you can install your very own instance of
mempool.space with just one click on Raspberry Pi
full-node distros like Umbrel, RaspiBlitz,
Start9 embassyOS, and more. Or, for advanced
users, install our pre-built Docker images on
your own server. Additionally, mempool.space is
integrated into a growing number of popular
wallets and exchange. Explore the full
Bitcoin ecosystem with data from testnet,
signet, Liquid, and now the Lightning network. Tap
into a powerful suite of tools that reveals useful
information about the Bitcoin network. Thanks to
our generous individual and corporate sponsors,
the mempool.space website and software are freely
available for anyone to use. mempool.space itself is
entirely self-hosted without any trusted
third parties. Visit us at mempool.space!